Now, human knowledge works something like this: 

Whereas it is presumed, in the contemporary and "scientific" age of technology, that human knowledge "simply" advances — such claims are, really, quite black and white (perhaps owing to some kind of historical, species specific trauma).

Experience and historical analysis reveals something a bit different though — namely, yes, human knowledge does "advanced" (perhaps "change" would be a more appropriate term but we use "advance" in relating to how we benefit from said advancement). However, and this is the key, which knowledge is advancing and at the cost of what other knowledge does it advance? 

As Foucault had posited, driving Nietzsche's (and Heidegger's) insights further, knowledge covers over and erases. Knowledge's are regime in character, gathering together as tremendous matrices which enable and disclose, cover over and erase. This is perhaps better understood as the structure of human perception where the nodes and axes of the matrices of perception are the "knowledge" but we call the total structure "knowledge".

Now how does this relate to my video game? Well, how I make my narratives deeply entrenched with lore and history is by, essentially, discarding what I've built by building over it and 'forgetting' everything I made. Now, of course, the funny thing about the covering over and erasing affect of knowledge is that it can never really do away with what it covers over and erases. Why? Well, without what it covers over and erases, it could never have come to the forefront and establish itself as a dominating regime. Worldviews, knowledges, establish themselves through what Hegel notes as thesis to antithesis synthesis. And so, whatever is a certain knowledge is always a response to not only itself but also what it covers over and erases, or even manipulates for its own use.

These remnants, when applied to narrative design, therefore speak through the "new" story, the "new" world, the hints peek out such as Sawul or the Old Gods in The Crossing.